[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Piccolo believed he'd
successfully trapped Majin Buu
inside the Hyperbolic
Time Chamber.
Until...
[screams]
I hate this place!
[BOTH scream]
It-It's Majin Buu!
[NARRATOR] With his
seemingly limitless powers,
Majin Buu tore
through dimensions
and returned to the Lookout.
But this time,
there was no Gotenks to protect
the last survivors on Earth.
[SUPER BUU]
Lucky me. All of you, lined up.
That's good, because I'm
hungry. But hungry for what?
Maybe some chocolate!
[SUPER BUU laughing]
[GOTENKS]
Dat-da-da-dat-da!
Yo!
[NARRATOR]
At that moment,
Gotenks suddenly
transformed himself
into the even more
powerful Super Saiyan 3,
and managed to break free of the
Hyperbolic Time Chamber as well.
[PICCOLO] You sick beast!
What did you do to our friends?!
[laughing]
They're resting comfortably,
right here.
You... turned them into candy?!
Yeah. Chocolate bars.
Buu! Now you've made me mad!
[NARRATOR]
Gotenks is out for revenge, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
This is for killing my friends!
[SUPER BUU groans]
[gasps]
Oh, no! The Lookout's ruined!
It's all ruined!
[GOTENKS]
Ta-da!
[GOTENKS yelling]
[laughs]
That was a pretty good workout.
I'm glad I waited for you.
You're a fun toy
for me to play with!
Ha! Laugh while you can,
before I wipe that
smile off your face!
[yelling]
[growls]
[SUPER BUU]
Heh.
[GOTENKS screaming]
[PICCOLO]
Gotenks!
Come on! Please don't be dead!
[gasps]
Brain Crush Hammer!
[SUPER BUU groaning]
Ha-ha! Oh yeah! Ha-ha!
Final Flash!
[PICCOLO]
Nice!
Well done, Gotenks!
[GOKU laughs]
Oh, wow! That's awesome!
The boys are doing even
better than I coulda hoped!
[laughs]
All right, yeah,
that's it! Way to go!
You've got him on
the ropes now, boys!
Keep at him and don't let up!
Ooh, nice one!
Dad? What is it?
What's happening?
Is everything all right?
Everything's great!
Your little brother and
Trunks changed things up
and went through Fusion,
and then turned Super Saiyan 3!
Their power's off the
charts now! It's crazy!
[gasps]
[ELDER KAI]
Gohan!
[GOHAN]
Huh?
[ELDER KAI] You just put
more time on the clock.
It'll take that much longer now.
[groans]
[ELDER KAI]
Don't get so easily distracted.
When your mind wanders
like an aimless squirrel,
it slows down the training,
which only means
more time sitting here.
What? Come on, really?
[ELDER KAI] You've gotta put
everything else out of your mind
and concentrate,
concentrate, concentrate.
[ELDER KAI laughing]
Oh, boy. I tell ya,
this is one funny manga!
[GOHAN] So it's only me
who has to concentrate?
[GOKU]
Will you look at that?
Those kids really are
incredible, aren't they?
In just the short amount
of time since I left them,
they've mastered both Fusion
and Super Saiyan 3!
Hey, Supreme Kai, they might
be able to win this fight
on their own after all, huh?
Listen, Goku.
You must be careful not
to underestimate Buu.
He has far more power
than he's shown so far.
Whoa. He does?
Just hang in there,
all right, boys?
Stay strong. And on your toes.
[chuckles]
Uh?
[yelping]
[GOTENKS screams]
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
Let me go!
[SUPER BUU laughing]
[GOTENKS screams]
[GOTENKS]
Oh, you've really done it now!
Get a load of this!
Super Balloon Bomb... er!
[SUPER BUU]
Huh?
[GHOST GOTENKS cackling]
Ah, yeah! My ghosties are
back and ready to haunt!
You scared?
'Cause you should be!
These ghosts are spookier
and way more powerful!
Go on, ghosts, do your thing!
[GHOST GOTENKS yelling]
--[GHOST GOTENKS yelling]
--[SUPER BUU grunting]
Drop the mic!
[SUPER BUU groaning]
[GOTENKS chuckles]
[SUPER BUU screams]
Ha-ha! You're not
so tough, Majin Buu.
[chuckles]
[grunting]
[screams]
Ah. Buu's got his nose
bent outta shape. Scary.
[yelling]
[GOTENKS]
Ha-ha!
Blah-la-la-la-la-la-la!
[GOTENKS]
Ha-ha!
Yeah, here he comes!
Hey! Over here!
Guess not even
the great Majin Buu
can keep up with me when
I'm at this level, huh?
Aw, man. Where did
the slowpoke go?
[SUPER BUU]
Behind you.
[GOTENKS yelps]
[SUPER BUU]
Bye-bye.
[GOTENKS screams]
Wait, stop! Don't, please!
Hold your fire!
[GOTENKS screams]
[yells]
[PICCOLO]
Huh?
[yelping]
[PICCOLO]
The Lookout! The Lookout!
Ah! It's demolished!
How you doin' there, Piccolo?
[PICCOLO]
Ah!
No, no, no!
Look what you've done!
Guess who came back for more.
[GOTENKS laughing]
Aah, it's gone. It's ruined!
[grunting]
Are you kidding?
What's that weirdo up to now?
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
Strange. He's rolling
himself up into a ball.
The Lookout!
[yells]
[GOTENKS]
Heads up, Piccolo!
[PICCOLO yelps]
--[SUPER BUU yells]
--[GOTENKS, PICCOLO yelp]
[yelling]
Oh, no!
[GOTENKS, PICCOLO gasp]
[gasps]
At this rate, The Lookout
won't be around much longer.
[KIBITO]
Hmm...
[ELDER KAI laughing]
[GOHAN] Wish I knew what
was going on back home.
[yells]
Don't just stand there, Gotenks,
do something! Quickly!
Chill. I've got this.
Screaming ban--
[BOTH yell]
Let's try again: Screaming ban--
Come on, Gotenks!
Can't you just do your technique
without making that
ridiculous pose?
Sure. I could,
but why would I want to?
Oh, fine. Whatever.
Though it woulda
looked really cool.
Screaming Banshee Attack! Ha!
Sweet! Now wrap him up tight!
[PICCOLO gasps]
[PICCOLO] You did it, Gotenks!
You sealed up Majin Buu again!
Not really. It's only temporary.
He'll get out soon.
But that doesn't mean
we can't make it hurt
while he's in there.
Umm...
What do you wanna do to him?
[grunts]
I've got it!
Let's play some High-Impact
Ultra Buu-Buu Volleyball!
[PICCOLO]
What the heck is that?
[GOTENKS] Hm? Hey, Piccolo,
I need you to give me an assist.
[PICCOLO]
Huh? Well, I suppose I could.
Here we go!
No, no, Piccolo!
That's not right!
When I say, "Here we go!"
you say, "Wa-hoo!"
Do you think
you can handle that?
Hey, I mean it.
You have to do it right.
Or else Majin Buu's
gonna get out!
Not to mention, I can't stay
at this level for very long,
so we've gotta get
a move on while we can!
If you insist.
Here we go!
Woo-hoo!
[GOTENKS]
All right, serving!
[PICCOLO]
Set!
[GOTENKS]
Ultra Buu-Buu Attack!
Ah, yeah!
[PICCOLO]
Really, Piccolo? "Woo-hoo"?
This is the last time I ask
a child to save the world.
Whoa.
[GOTENKS]
Wa-hoo!
[laughing]
Wow!
It almost looks like a giant
meteor crash-landed here!
How super-duper cool is that?
I spiked the heck out of
that Buu-Buu Volleyball!
Oh! Hey, Piccolo! Over here!
You gotta say it! Please?!
Say "woo-hoo" again!
Knock it off!
Well, what happened with Buu?
Just look down!
Woo-hoo! Way to go, boys!
Goten and Trunks
really got Buu good!
This isn't over yet.
Be prepared for anything,
Goten and Trunks.
You mustn't let your guard
down for even a moment.
[GOTENKS] Come out, come out,
wherever you are!
Come on, Majin Buu, I know
it'll take more than that
to take you out
once and for all!
Let's hurry it up!
I can only hold this
awesome power level
for a little while longer
before I have to change back!
After that,
it'll take a whole hour
before I can recover
and do this again!
Huh?
Maybe I really did kill him.
[laughing]
Whadda ya know?
That was a little
anti-climactic.
I'm just too strong
for my own good.
[BOTH gasp]
Watch out!
[gasps]
[GOTENKS screams]
[GOTENKS]
Phew! That was close!
If the earth had been on the
receiving end of that blast,
the whole planet would've been
destroyed without a trace!
Oh, that is it!
You have pushed me
past the breaking point!
Take this!
[yelling]
[PICCOLO]
Stop it, you foolish child,
or you'll destroy
the whole planet!
So what if I do?
There's nobody down there
anymore, remember?
[PICCOLO] And do you remember
that the Dragon Balls
are still scattered
across the globe?
If you destroy even one of them,
we will never be able
to return Earth
to the way it was before Buu!
Oh. I forgot.
[GOTENKS] Well, at least I've
already done enough damage
to seriously weaken Buu.
He should be
a cinch to beat now.
[GOTENKS chuckles]
[gasps]
[GOTENKS]
Huh?
[growling]
My attacks didn't
weaken him at all!
Man, this guy's annoying!
[SUPER BUU grunting]
[PICCOLO]
No, you're wrong. He is weaker.
Perhaps not physically,
but mentally, he has
been worn down some.
This is a new
experience for him,
being challenged by a
warrior as strong as you.
Fighting an opponent of
equally matched ability
is taking its toll on him.
[laughs]
So your point is, Buu's scared
of me now, isn't he?
Yeah, well, he should be!
'Cause by now
he knows my talents
are nothing to sneeze at!
I am the strongest man
in the universe!
Don't get too cocky, kid.
Arrogance will only
get you in trouble.
Buu will be coming at you
with everything he's got now.
Hope he does! Bring it on!
I can't wait!
[laughing]
[groans]
Damn!
That's what he gets for
letting his guard down!
[GOTENKS]
Uh?
Hey! Let go of me!
Owie! I'm done playing around!
Hang in there!
You can do it, boys!
This is magnificent!
They're actually going
toe-to-toe with Majin Buu
and holding their own!
[GOHAN]
Isn't this power up done yet?
If we don't hurry, I'm gonna
miss the whole fight.
[ELDER KAI laughing]
[grunts]
[laughing]
[GOTENKS]
Batter up!
I'm gonna settle this for good,
right here and now!
You hear me?
[SUPER BUU laughs]
[GOTENKS]
Damn!
I can't breathe!
Gotenks!
[screams]
[GOTENKS]
Why, you!
[yelping]
[sighs]
[gasps]
Okay! Bad move!
That's the last straw!
Focus, Gotenks. Make this count!
[yelling]
[yells]
[screaming]
Oh, yeah. I'll make you pay!
Right back at'cha!
[SUPER BUU screams]
Look at that!
[SUPREME KAI]
Ohh!
At this rate, there'll
be no need for Gohan.
Wha--?!
[GOTENKS laughs]
[GOTENKS]
Now to finish you off!
I'm gonna tear you apart
into millions and millions
of itsy-bitsy pieces!
And don't think you're
comin' back from this one.
'Cause I'm gonna
completely obliterate
each and every one
of those puny crumbs!
So long!
Huh? Already?
[NARRATOR]
And just like that,
Super Gotenks 3's
transformation,
which allowed for such
tremendous strength,
has come undone!
Gotenks is in for
a much tougher fight,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Oh, man, right at the
worst possible moment,
the boys' power up powered down!
Hey, speaking of power ups,
isn't Gohan's training
finished by now?
[ELDER KAI] Oh, his training
was over a while ago.
I just wanted to keep
that under wraps
until things got really dicey!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Wow, who knew I had
this kind of power inside me?